Yo
Xu Hao
Xu Hao, have you thought about the consequences of making a scene at the venue?
Wait for me to kill him
I'll play with you slowly
Make a big fuss at the meeting
You are not afraid that Jiang Zhenhai will kill you Jiang Zhenhai
A trash that even you are afraid of will be afraid of him
I've stopped working with him for a long time
It turned out to be finding a new owner to hum
I'm not afraid to tell you
Lao Tzu is now behind
It is Lin's Group, a top group in China.
Have you heard of Lin's Group?
In China, but the hands and eyes are all extraordinary
Even if you have the backing of the world's three major consortia
How did you offend Lin's Group?
Isn't it still death?
Lin's Group
Hahaha Malaysia
Are you afraid, or I will help you?
You get a job cleaning toilets at the Lin Group
You do it first
Come on, if you dare to mess around
Master Jiang will not forgive you if he knows
Your dog is going to die sooner or later
Which one has no face?
Come to me and be honest
How dare you!
Dare to be honest here
Jiang Zhen Haiben respects you
Call you Jiang Yun
If I disrespect you, you are nothing
Lao Tzu now has the support of a temporary group behind him
If I dare to move, I will be the enemy of the temporary group
Everyone you see is a dog everywhere
Go away and wait for me
Mr. Lin is here
Kill you all
I, Jiang Zhenghai, have never been afraid of anyone
Dad, you don't have this chance
Here, I'll drag it out to feed the dog
What are you doing?